Doctor, thanks for seeing me so quickly. Good morning, Zahra. Please, have a seat. So what brings you in today? It's this cough. I've had it for about three weeks now, and it just won't go away. It's really starting to bother me. Okay, three weeks is definitely a good amount of time to see if it will pass on its own. Can you describe the cough for me? Is it dry, or are you bringing anything up? It's mostly dry, but sometimes, especially in the mornings, I cough up a little bit of phlegm. It's kind of yellow. I see. The color is good information. Any fever, chills, or body aches? No fever, but I felt a bit run down, a little tired, and my chest feels tight, like a weight on my chest. All right, let's have a listen to your lungs. Sound of stethoscope? Take a deep breath in, and out, good, again, and out, okay. Sound of tapping on chest. Do you have any history of asthma or allergies? No, none that I know of. I've generally been pretty healthy. I try to eat well and exercise regularly. Hmm, it sounds like you might have a touch of bronchitis. I'm going to prescribe you some cough medicine to help loosen the mucus, and I'll also write you a prescription for an antibiotic just in case it's bacterial. Antibiotics? Is it definitely an infection? I've heard that doctors prescribe them too much. That's a valid concern, Zara, not necessarily, but we want to be proactive. If it doesn't improve within a few days, the antibiotics will help prevent it from getting worse. We can reassess in three days if you haven't improved. Be sure to take the entire course of antibiotics, even if you start feeling better. It's important to kill all the bacteria to prevent resistance. Okay, I understand. Anything else I should do? Yes, plenty of rest, drink lots of fluids, especially warm liquids like tea with honey. Avoid irritants like smoke or strong perfumes. If you develop a high fever, over 102 degrees Fahrenheit, or if you have trouble breathing, please go to the emergency room immediately. Will do. Thank you, doctor. I appreciate your thoroughness. You're welcome, Zara. Get some rest, and I hope you feel better soon. Come back in three days if you have not improved.